# HexVolumeRenderer

This file contains information for the TVCG Replicability Stamp.
For more details on the Replicability Stamp, please refer to http://www.replicabilitystamp.org/.

We give permission to the Replicability Stamp committee and reviewers of the Graphics Replicability Stamp Initiative
(GRSI) to review the code and advertise the review publicly after the stamp is approved.


## Submission

Interactive Focus+Context Rendering for Hexahedral Mesh Inspection. \
Christoph Neuhauser, Junpeng Wang, Rüdiger Westermann. \
IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics 2021 (TVCG 2021). \
DOI: 10.1109/TVCG.2021.3074607


## Supported Operating Systems

The build process was tested on...
- Ubuntu 20.04 and Ubuntu 22.04
- Arch Linux (on 2021-05-04)
- Windows 10 and 11 using MSYS2


## Hardware

So far, the program was only tested using GPUs from NVIDIA. If you encounter any bugs on other hardware, please open an
issue report (https://github.com/chrismile/HexVolumeRenderer/issues) for this project.


## Build Process on Ubuntu

Please execute the script `./build.sh --replicability` in the project root directory on the command line.
It will compile and install all requirements, download the data sets, build the program and execute the program
reproducing Figure 19 (right) from the paper.
This process may take some time depending on your internet connection speed. Please note that super user rights need
to be given to parts of the program, as it will install some dependencies using the Ubuntu package manager.


## Build Process on Windows 10

Please download and install MSYS2 from https://www.msys2.org/.
Then, follow the instruction on the MSYS2 webpage to make sure that MSYS2 is up-to-date.
Please make sure to execute `pacman -Syu` until all packages are up-to-date. This should be done no matter whether you
installed MSYS2 freshly for this program or it was already installed on your system. This program uses a new version of
Intel's Embree ray tracing library, and it might not compile if your MSYS2 package sources are not up-to-date.

In the next step, open the MSYS2 MinGW 64-bit shell using the Windows start menu and execute the script
`./build.sh --replicability` in the project root directory. It will compile and install all requirements, download the
used data sets, build the program and execute the program reproducing Figure 19 (right) from the paper.
This process may take some time depending on your internet connection speed.


## Tested Versions of Dependencies

We have tested compilation with the following versions of the dependencies.
- sgl: https://github.com/chrismile/sgl/tree/tvcg-hexmesh
- libpng: 1.6.x
- SDL2: 2.0.x
- SDL2_image: 2.0.x
- CURL: 7.x
- jsoncpp: 1.9.x
- Eigen: 3.3.x
- glm: 0.9.x
- tinyxml2: 7.x
- GLEW: 2.x
- Boost: > 1.68


## Troubleshooting

If an error occurs during the build process, please open an [issue report](https://github.com/chrismile/Correrender/issues).
When [reporting a bug](https://github.com/chrismile/Correrender/issues) in the program itself, please also attach the
logfile generated by the application. Below, the location of the logfile on different operating systems can be found.

- Linux: `~/.config/hexvolumerenderer/Logfile.html`
- Windows: `%AppData%/HexVolumeRenderer/Logfile.html` (i.e., `C:/Users/<USER>/AppData/Roaming/Correrender/Logfile.html`)
- macOS: `~/Library/Preferences/HexVolumeRenderer/Logfile.html`

After the bug was fixed, please pull the new code and delete the directories `third_party` and `.build_release` before
again calling `build.sh`.

When compiling the program on Windows, please make sure that MSYS2 is up-to-date.

When calling `build.sh`, the program will download 1.4 GiB of hex-mesh data.
Please make sure that enough hard-drive space is available for the mesh files.
